hey there guys techtalk table here time
you've got a review on my friends laptop
say your name cuz I forget to behave
like yes video / slap shot production 7
he will be in my cool box within
probably the next day but whatever so
this here is the HP g42 31 and our
notebook now that's a little bit long
name but I'm this notebook I get itself
has a built-in webcam hi ahead does have
high speed Wi-Fi high speed Wi-Fi sorry
about that alright he sign it in for a
sec um what it has here I'm not even
sure what it is but vision AMD and I do
know that windows 7 which is a great
program obviously he has a little
picture of a Camaro there now over
around this is a very nice laptop it is
fairly compact it's not like the biggest
laptop out there but it's also not the
smallest like mine the acer aspire um
before we get into the software real
quick i'm going to show you guys the
hardware which is around the computer
now look alright will close that first
of all in the cover we have the little
HP logo here and then on here this is
all on pretty textured cool little
designs on here proud of her for you
guys to see but then we got right here
silver silver that's for the hinges on
the screen yeah I over here we've got a
vga um female side hdmi not sure what
that is USB USB on microphone a
headphone jack and a SD slot um there's
nothing on the front then we get to this
side there's the disc should object er I
think that's come out when it's are
going to laptops open but then the USB
the power cable and another little slot
there i don't know but on the bottom we
just got the battery right here some
cooling fans and some information but
all around really nice computer i don't
know why says if you can see this why
would the HP like that
when you open it like her because when
it's open yeah I know but then you can
see it strand but it's a cool little
laptop um will let him sign right back
in right now um how do we go under the
internet see how fast this windows 7 on
here is my take a second highlight
double clipping i'm cooking i depress
click in that other alright so comes up
pretty good um like I said this is over
overall a nice keyboard or a nice laptop
has big letters for the keyboard power
button here HP logo there and the webcam
up here but not too much more to say
about this I definitely like this laptop
it is very cool oh there's my chin up
and there's my channel you know what and
I have my lineup for survivors now
alright guys got too much more to say
about this channel other than it is a
all around very nice laptop so thanks
for watching guys remember to comment
rate and subscribe and this is the HP
g42 notebook see you guys later